# Password Account Management System
As the world is digitalizing, especially in this 21st century, many users of the internet get registered into different online platforms using a username/email address and a password for every different platform registered. The number of platforms registered overtime becomes much, and this brings about the difficulty to remember all the password information for each registered account. 
To Avert this, many people adopted the use of a few passwords across different platforms, as so not to forget their passwords. As you know, this is not a good practice because it exposes you to a lot of threats and attacks when your password is bridged. In turn, People that have many passwords tend to forget their passwords as the number of cyber accounts registered increases over time. This brought forth the idea of building a password management system that can help users remember their passwords for each registered account. 
With the Password Account Management System, the user doesn’t have to stress himself remembering passwords, rather, the system will store specific passwords information for specific accounts making it easily accessible anytime via a browser. The user can also edit these password information as it changes. The user can also add new password accounts or delete ones that are no longer in use. This system also shows you the password strength of your password and hints where amendment is needed so to create a strong password, this thereby increases security

